hello everyone i'm back with another
speed paint video um this one is of
stevonnie from Steven universe on top of
Lion being a epic and stuff I didn't
expect that I would put so much energy
into this picture as I actually ended up
doing so like yeah this speed paint
ended up being a lot longer than I
thought but that's okay because I really
like the result you'll see it like as
usual you'll see it at the end of the
video um anyway so my power like just
went out like randomly and like my dad
as like these backup systems set up
downstairs for like if ever there's
power surge blah blah scary thing they
like beep like crazy so like maybe every
10 seconds if you listen hard enough you
might hear like a baby or something I
don't know um so they had that's just to
let you guys know so yeah the newest
Steven universe episode is coming out
later today and apparently it's very
emotional one I didn't agree to this but
you know that kind of just happens
sometimes
so I guess we're gonna get a feels the
episode later today and there's also an
episode of gravity falls coming out
today so that's exciting um like I guess
the day before yesterday I did a fanart
of dipper like floating like like I
don't want to give spoilers but it's
like scary dipper and its really cool
but it's scary I think it's something
really dark like I don't think I've
drawn anything that dark before but
anyway I animated it so it's like
floating and it's like going up and down
and i made like another background i
made another layer behind it so it would
kind of like there was overlapping going
on I don't know I'm impressed with
myself that I figured out how to do that
but I tried to find out how to make the
gift like invisible because I turned it
into a gift and to make a gif invisible
it's not a simple task you have to like
do research and stop and I tried and it
was not easy so I kind of just like
opened it into Photoshop and like Irish
the background for every 30 frames so
yeah it was kind of a long task but if
it wasn't for that step I wouldn't have
them decided to make the picture like
glitch out um yeah I'll just put like a
little picture of that gift right here
because I keep talking about it and this
isn't a speed pain about that to speed
paint about stefani so I'm going to talk
about Steven universe now so see the
universe if you guys haven't watched it
is it really freaking fun cartoon and I
really enjoy it um like gravity falls
and Steven universe are my favorite
cartoons at the moment well I will
always always favored avatar last
airbender over everything but I mean for
shows that are still airing I think I'm
gonna go with Steven universe and
gravity falls um yeah so in this picture
like at this point I realize that like
oh I should probably go look at the new
intro because they recently made a new
intro for this cartoon so I look at the
new intro and I did everything wrong so
like I had to redo the sword make it
purple and make the blade wider and I
also made the shield a bit more
transparent but that also screw around
with my layers underneath anyway so that
was another like hour or so of trying to
fix
things maybe he wasn't in a horrible
felt like one um anyway so now i'm
working on a background this is where
the kind of like whoa I didn't expect I
would put so much effort into this but i
did so i drew rocks I've been like
trying so hard to practice painting
rocks and getting all that texture and
everything and also for this picture I
tried to make the backdrop look more
like the backdrops from the cartoon find
out the landscapes from that cartoon
they're so nice so it's like man I gotta
like push it up my game um same thing
applies to gravity pulls the backgrounds
hey the song nice you can like it's like
the forests are real except they're
cartoons so maybe another not exactly
that real anyway so yeah now i'm just
adding some fancy lighting effects and
then adding my signature and then bang
is done see you guys next tuesday i
maybe i don't know